icu-language option (#946)
arangodb/docs: 3.10/programs-arangod-general.md

## Default Language

`--default-language language-name`

The default language is used for sorting and comparing strings. The language
value is a two-letter language code (ISO-639) or it is composed by a two-letter
language code followed by a two letter country code (ISO-3166). For example:
"de", "en", "en_US", "en_UK".

The default default-language is set to be the system locale on that platform.

## ICU Language

> <small>Introduced in: v3.9.1</small>

Reviewer: Probably not needed here once mentioned in 3.9 docs.

Reviewer 2: It's useful at the very least because it's not in the .0 release (covered by the release notes). One could argue that the manually written startup option pages don't require version hints because we have this information in the generated startup option tables but I'm in favor of having it here, too, for convenience.

Ideally, there would only be a single place instead of two for every startup option information but that requires a design solution first and likely a change to the tooling second.

`--default-language default-language`

The default language is used for sorting and comparing strings. The language
value is a two-letter language code (ISO-639) or it is composed by a two-letter
language code with and a two letter country code (ISO-3166). Valid languages are
"de", "en", "en_US" or "en_UK".

The default default-language is set to be the system locale on that platform.

## ICU Language

`--icu-language icu-language`

The ICU language is also used for sorting and comparing strings. But in this case language 

> is used without any changes in ICU settings. Using this option it is possible to get absolutely correct sorting and comparing order. The language value is a two-letter language code (ISO-639) or it is composed by a two-letter

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
is used without any changes in ICU settings. Using this option it is possible to get pure ICU defined sorting and comparing order. The language value is a two-letter language code (ISO-639) or it is composed by a two-letter
```
